Just stomping rihgt on the local optimizion problem.
The code generates no memory.
So even if there is a fruit
And score degradates for not reaching it it will never reach
its stalled in survival mode without hability yo scan.
Random would have a better result.

So for the it has no memory, and the output scoring is 4 directional.
Ways to afect this.
Weight the squares so they are better.
If fruit is available go for it .
  This can trap the snake in a deth loop.
    It will never learn the why it died because the mistake was entering a limited options before death.
    This is proc by not having acces to the tail.
  If the tail has priority over the fruit then i will enter a loop and never go for fruit.
So fruit has to have priority, and the cnn has to determine the options, the squares have to be computed in a diferent way.
Once a loop is entered the squared close to the snake have more value that the others.
This make the pathing towards the fruit worse so i has to be a sequecuencing.

If fruit available -> fruit values
  If fruit not aavilable -> survive -> this could create a loop were the fruit is never available.
    If the tail ahs only 1 square outs and the space
    If the space of the fruit is small and has no tail in it dont go
  If the space your inside then make tight but dont block the tail.
tldr -> fruit priority, can come back , tail position.
  This is the next attempt.
Fruit will generate and increase conditional weight.
Tail position and body condition on partition will generate clusters that go to 0. 
When in survival mode near skin and other have mroe value.
This is not an algoritm its a procedure .
An optimistic one made with rules.
There is no scoring function
Wich was the intended thing.
The problem with the function was primarely the lack of memroy.
Since the ouput cell was 4 decisions no memory can be traced .

so:
  score what are you doing step function:
    tail space computation sufitient ? go for fruit no go for tail ? tail blocked? go for skin. 
    Problem tail moves , so the calculations can be delayed . 
    tail has space 2<
    yes -> fruit with squares gain more value.
    no ->  non body squares reachable. <- this raechable is the hard one . but is a long x long y distance and 0 cuts it .
    
    


Ideally learn the features one by one ?
Or make it genetically learning .
Or make it so it can generate 4^4 outcomes, problem being is that 4*4 costs a lot and the way of telling is that wich squae is better.
The weights on the squares are what evaluate the best .
problem? 
We evaluate only the position of the head realative to the food.
We need to evaluate the whole snake.
To make decision on the head.

Atemps at not repeating squares by reducing score did not work due to the lack of memory.

Alternative, agents were is the food optimal path, can we reach without diyng.





